content collection SSR code snippet update (#2773)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/content-collections.mdx

```astro

> ---
> import { getEntryBySlug } from 'astro:content';
> // 1. Get the slug from the incoming server request
> const { slug } = Astro.params;
> // 2. check if the slug identifier matches the filename
> if (slug === undefined) {
>     throw new Error("slug/filename mismatch");
> }
> // 3. Query for the entry directly using the request slug
> const entry = await getEntryBySlug('blog', slug);
> // 4. redirect if the entry does not exist
> if (entry === undefined) {
>     return Astro.redirect("/404");
> }
> // 5. (Optional) render the entry to HTML in the template
> const { Content } = await entry.render();
> ---

Reviewer: It's not that there's a "mismatch"; the slug simply wasn't provided. They accessed `/posts/` instead of `/posts/slug`. Let's make that clear and add the filename back:

```suggestion
---
// src/pages/posts/[...slug].astro
import { getEntryBySlug } from "astro:content";
// 1. Get the slug from the incoming server request
const { slug } = Astro.params;
if (slug === undefined) {
	throw new Error("Slug is required");
}
// 2. Query for the entry directly using the request slug
const entry = await getEntryBySlug("blog", slug);
// 3. Redirect if the entry does not exist
if (entry === undefined) {
	return Astro.redirect("/404");
}
// 4. (Optional) render the entry to HTML in the template
const { Content } = await entry.render();
---
```

Author: the identifier for the variable from astro.params does not have to be `slug` but does have to match the filename
e.g.
```js
/* filename: [foo].astro */
const { foo } = Astro.params;
```
but maybe I misunderstood you since "_They accessed `/posts/` instead of `/posts/slug`_" doesn't make sense to me in this context.
regardless the difference is negligible imo. the only improvements beyond this would be a better error message.

```astro
---
// src/pages/posts/[...slug].astro
import { getEntryBySlug } from "astro:content";
// 1. Get the slug from the incoming server request
const { slug } = Astro.params;
if (slug === undefined) {
	throw new Error("Slug is required");
}
// 2. Query for the entry directly using the request slug
const entry = await getEntryBySlug("blog", slug);
// 3. Redirect if the entry does not exist
if (entry === undefined) {
	return Astro.redirect("/404");
}

> // 4. (Optional) render the entry to HTML in the template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// 4. (Optional) Render the entry to HTML in the template
```
